Docs Sentry Dart Plugin (#4040)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/flutter/upload-debug.mdx

Errors raised from the native layer in Flutter apps require certain debug information files to be uploaded. For example, an Android app can use `proguard` for minification and obfuscation. And when using NDK, dwarf debug files need to be uploaded. Flutter Web requires sourcemaps and iOS apps also require dwarf debug information files.

## Sentry Dart Plugin

> [Try out the Alpha version of the Sentry Dart Plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dart-plugin) that does it automatically for you, or follow the manual process below.

Author: ```suggestion
[Try out the Alpha version of the Sentry Dart Plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dart-plugin) that does it automatically for you, or follow the manual steps below.
```

or steps?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Try out the Alpha version of the Sentry Dart Plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dart-plugin), which uploads debug symbols automatically for you, or follow the manual steps below.
```

Author: thanks :)
